// Prologue

	A reel of film flickered and popped, counting down the integers from 10. Except it was not a reel of film, but rather an opening sequence digitally altered to retain film artificats and the nostalgic homage to yesteryear. And it really could not look more inappropriate for the presentation. Three men sat around a slate steel table in a conference room high above Hong Kong, the brilliant sunset framed perfectly outside by monoliths and monorails. The large man with a short-sleeved button down shirt at the back of the room was head of Account Services for T.J.I., an international advertising and marketing firm. The man sitting to the right of the table was a Creative Director, Brian, who instead of watching his work unfold on the giant screen at the end of the room, sat staring nervously at the man across the cold steel table from him. This man was Dr. Arthur Lang, a double PhD holder in Artificial Intelligence and Music Composition -- who midnighted to get his MBA. He also just so happened to be the CEO of Child, Inc., and was waiting to see if his $500 million advertising and marketing purchase was a waste of time. As the lights dimmed and the screen flickered, then beeped from "4" to "3," Lang's eyes rolled and he shifted in his seat. What they were about to see would change the world, and it started off with the most cliched opening anybody could ask for.

	The "1" eventually wiped away on the screen and a scene began to unfold of the modern kitchen. The prototypical housewife stooped inside of a refrigerator, and tossed ingredients to a humanoid robot. Beethoven's fingers started the soundtrack. The bot had various structures of white glossy plastic for limbs, connected together with black tubing that resembled ligaments and joints. The robot was catching the ingredients perfectly in abstractly human-like hands, and placing them on the counter. Across the room from the oven, the entire wall had been purposed into a screen and it was displaying possible recipe choices then filtering the list immediately as the robot caught each ingredient. Next it fades to white and the word "Child," in a very light gray, slowly fades and rises to the center of the screen. Beethoven's still hammering away as the scene fades back to a robot, head down in the middle of a room while the words "learns while it sleeps" appeared. Then everything fades to a shot of an assembly line as a machine takes the arms off a bland humanoid robot and replaces them with shinier, new ones. The words "free servicing and affordable upgrades" floated up from the bottom this time. The scene faded back to white and "$299/month" was emblazoned in the same light gray. Then the video clicked off.

	Brian exhaled. The commercial had gone off without a hitch; the editing was flawless and professional. It was a relief they had made the deadline on this one, and he was ready to get it rolling to all of the publishers.

	"What the fuck was that?"

	He snapped his head to look tentatively at Lang, then back to the head of Account Services, Huang Xian-tan, who had picked the perfect time to inspect his belly button. He looked back at Lang as his words started filling the room.

	"You were hired to create an advertisement for Child. What you did with my money, instead, is anybody's guess."

	"B-but sir," Brian stammered, "we're proud of this work and think it represents your brand and product strategy in the best light possible. I mean, it showed the Child learning and a shot of your assembly line. Imagine this playing in every home across America." He glanced back at Huang for support, and he skirted all responsibility by sipping gingerly from the paper cup and fiddling with his pencil.

	"You don't understand. This is the future, and you're ruining it." His icy tone cut through the projection computer's hums under the table.

	Brian started to proclaim, "with all due respect si--"

	"Look," he rubbed his eyes and relaxed his forehead, "get rid of the text that pops up with features. Nobody wants to read about features, they want to see them. Show our audience screens from the internet rapidly flashing by and maybe the internal neural network gaining connections with a visualization." He stood up and started pacing, his speech more full of energy. "It's learning practically at the speed of light - do you understand? While the Child is in Sleep mode, the "brain" begins indexing new web pages at random, making lateral connections through natural language modeling into word representations, then categorically into concepts and spatial representations. Each Child is different. Each one solves problems differently than the others because it has a randomly connected set of experiences. You made it look dull, and it's actually one of the most interesting inventions in our corner of the universe."

	Everyone nodded.

	"Show everyone the modularity of the Child by replacing the stock limbs with extended arms and legs. Actually show them the robot getting taller. There is a whole third-party market involved with creating stylish and functional replacements." He stopped, grabbed his overcoat, and scanned the room as the other two men sat dumbfounded by his competence in subtle marketing. "The thing is under a warranty and it stores a copy of its brain every night to the main terminal in the house. If it breaks, you can get a brand new Child and start where are you left off. Are the gears rolling yet gentlemen? If you need to speak with some of our engineers again, it can be arranged." He sighed.

	Mid-stride through the door he turned and adjourned the meeting, "and for the love of God, please kill the Beethoven. Give me Debussy."

	He was right too. Not a single person, outside of the Child development team, had a clue about what was in store - minus wild speculation of course. The product is practically human - except it didn't get sick and it interconnected with every device in the house, and every other Child robot as well. No commercial was necessary; the thing was going to change the world.
